man plants day how to design your dream
life this is my process exactly what I
did to redesign my entire life to live
in about a lot of people think that in
order to get to a happiness level or a
certain lifestyle or where they want to
be in life they need to work harder to
make more money get on this path that is
hard to get off because you look at
everyone else around you and just kind
of following step or whatever they're
doing when you are figuring out the next
chapter in your life visualize where
you're gonna be in a year five years ten
years out and if you don't like that
future you how you're living what your
day-to-day is what your relationships
are how much money you have in the bank
doing what you do on a day to day it is
time to hit up pause on your life take
some time out get away from the kids get
away from your friends get away from
your dogs who else is just somewhere
that's quieter just you your brain maybe
some music and just start to visualize
what you want is your life what I did
was I looked up some three areas of my
life I was out of shape I didn't have I
was in debt miraculous turn of debt just
because I just failed my company and I
didn't had any income coming here I was
living at home in my mother's basement
the third area that I started to build
on but I didn't know at the time which
I'm gonna share with you guys is
self-development or having a spiritual
connection with myself or the universe
whatever you believe because with this
third aspect you are going to be able to
look at your strengths and your
weaknesses and really like what makes
you insecure what your limiting beliefs
are what foundation has been laid on you
from your past experiences so you can
break down those negative limiting
beliefs and start building from the
ground up what I do is I take I took a
pen and paper and I wrote down what my
entire lip like from life I wanted to be
in shape I wanted to be experiencing the
world traveling and just don't think
about money at this point what you want
to focus on is what your day-to-day
looks like I want to wake up early full
of energy
and be healthy and be with a beautiful
girl who was just as motivated to grow
herself and I actually wrote down this
entire list of everything I want I'll
share with you guys and I envisioned my
day-to-day as doing something from the
moment I woke up to basically being
exhausted all day doing something I am
loved
right creating something I didn't know
what it was at the time but I knew that
I wanted to do something my love not for
money but the money would come for me
so I redesigned I just pictured this
life and I'm in my mother's basement and
I'm just like picturing this life that
seems so far away it's such a bar graphs
from where I was and I didn't know how I
was gonna get it but this was this is
the first step so you need to figure out
where you are right now where you want
to be that gap is what we're going to
shorten that gap is what we're going to
cross in the next couple of videos so
once you establish that vision focus
write that clearly I want to be healthy
I want to be in shape I want to eat
healthy I want to have boundless energy
to take me from the moment I wake up to
the time what when I crash no sleep of
just like building my life the exact
life I want I want to be happy too now
mister mister don't sit your happiness
on a destination because when you do
that don't never be happy with what you
have find out how to be grateful what
you have right now fall in love with the
process of building that life and your
life will change dramatically once you
have your exact addition down of what
your health looks like in the future of
your ideal life
what's your finances look like in the
future of your ideal life and
spiritually or make a list of all the
negative feelings you have do you feel
insecure about the way you have on
yourself you feel insecure about the
amount of money you have in your bank
accounts you feel insecure about all
your friends and family getting married
or having boyfriends and girlfriends or
having children and you just feel like
you're being left behind or you just
don't know what's going on in your life
write that down
once you make a list of all of these
things and then we can get to step 2 of
phase 1 which is just visualizing that
like the fastest way to start changing
your like a meeting
me which you need to do after the end of
this video is to look at all of the
things you want and all the things you
don't want and start to real and start
to see what activities contribute to
those things so take my experience as an
example is that you can kind of see how
this works I looked at myself and one of
the things I wrote down was anxiety I
didn't want to feel just so bad about
myself all the time so looked at where
that came from
or if it was comparing myself to people
who I called my friend your friends are
there they're supposed to be there to
support you to to encourage you to make
you feel good and motivate you to be a
better person if you're not around
people like that you need to cut those
people out of your you cut out the
people in your life that don't bring
that to you in your life and you know
add people win or seek out people
whether it's through books chat groups
or reddit forums or wherever you find
people that bring this new energy to
your life so the first thing I saw was
anxiety I would drink a lot on the
weekends I would hang out with people
who consistently competed with materials
and they competed with how much money
they had or where they were in life or
they were actually questions like why
aren't you married yet which don't you
think you should get a real job this is
what I stopped and this is what how it
improved my life I stopped drinking
three days a week I saved money I was
less hungover I had more energy I wasn't
around people that were in the same part
of life that I was which was distracting
themselves wrong progressing and
distracting themselves with alcohol and
party when I cut out drinking I also
added more free time to my life so
instead of being hungover all on
Saturday and Sunday I had I could wake
up early on Saturday and Sunday and I
had all this extra time the other thing
I started cutting out was cops people in
my life you know those people that you
hang out with that after you meet with
them you're just exhausted
no you're just like no more energy your
brain feels like it's groggy you just
feel like you're blah dude get away from
those people it may be your mother it
may be your father maybe your best
friend get away from them and it's not
forever you just need to limit how much
you energy you put out there because
right now you're at a moment in your
life where you need all the energy that
you can muster to force forward to build
to create that new character that you
want to be with boundless energy that
was the first thing I did I made a list
of all the things I was taking away from
my life and I was just cutting it
cutting that out and that actually got
me back to bare minimum of what I
basically added to my arsenal of time
energy resources that I could use to
make my life better once you make that
list of things to cut out then focus on
things that you want so I wanted more
money I want to be healthier I wanted to
travel like basically everything that
basically everything you guys may have a
problem with right now whether it's
health wealth fitness I was lacking in
all those areas because you have a list
of all the things you want it can get
overwhelming but the exercise is not to
be overwhelmed with how bad your life is
is to identify the number one thing
you're gonna work on for the next one
month two months three months today that
would make the biggest impact in your
life
so let me give an example Tim Ferriss
causes the domino effect and where when
you have a lot of things on you to do
this and you try to pick out the one the
one thing you can do that would make
everything else on that list easier or
irrelevant in my example I wanted to
travel I wanted to be healthy I wanted
to make money but I didn't know what I
wanted to do with my life I've never
spent any time understanding who I was
this is a really good question as
yourself if you died today what's the
biggest thing you're gonna regret and
for me at that time it was not
experiencing the world so I thought to
myself okay
if I go out and travel I'm gonna focus
all of this free time I have and not on
money which I've been doing my entire
life I'm gonna switch it up and just
focus on myself and just doing things
that I love without regard to anything
with money I started traveling I started
experiencing life it brought in
boundless energy which made me once
you're exercising eat healthier and this
experiences showed me how limitless the
opportunities are in the world I can do
whatever I wanted so why do something
why choose something for money when I
could choose something I love to do and
make and figure out how to make money so
when does redesigning your life you
can't redesign it with the mindset view
you have now because the opportunities
that you think are practical or only
ingrained with your past experiences
when you need to do is put yourself in a
position of living that life and then
work backward so if you've always been
like alright I want to travel and I want
to make money from the road you can't
plan out that life and how to make money
at your old job at home you just can
like it's impossible to see the
opportunities when you don't know what
you love to do and you've never traveled
before to plan out doing something you
love traveling you can't do that you
need to take that first step and that's
the scariest part once you have this
list and you have that one thing you
need to act on it a lot of us plan to
spend all this time visualizing this
life and we never act on it behind that
ticket forced me to act on it but the
most important thing that I stumbled in
upon is what I'm going to talk about in
the next video which is developing
habits so once now that you have the one
thing that you need to focus on you need
you have to this is so critical in
growing fast and leveling up fast and
growth hacking your life is building in
the one activity that will get you
closer to knocking down that lead domino
every day and you built that out I'm
going to show that in your next
the next video on how we do that all
right so thank you guys hope you like
this video if you haven't already hit
like hit subscribe my youtube channel
and let me know in the comments what you
liked about this video what you didn't
like what you want me to talk about in
the next video because next week I'm
gonna talk about habits how to work
backwards from your goal to setting up
your daily habits and then how to make
sure that you go through with that
habits are this secret the secret
ingredient to changing your life so I'm
really excited to share with that with
you guys next week until then see you
guys this is a pickle new sleeping
this is pickles he's sleeping you don't
want to talk about visualization and
habits with our friend here